JavaScript, Hotspots + Secrets (#298)
ShiftLeftSecurity/documentation: inspect/config-file.md

Within the **inspect.yml** configuration file, you can define:

* A default configuration to be used during the analysis of the artifact
* A custom configuration to be used for the analysis of the specific artifact
* Configurations that are not typically available via `sl`
* Your analysis configuration once and save for future use instead of providing parameters before each code analysis

## Generating the Configuration File

By default, the location must be your root folder (e.g. **./inspect.yml**). The file uses the YAML configuration file format.

You can generate a sample command file by running the following:

```bash
sl inspect default
```

Once ShiftLeft generates the basic configuration file for you, you can edit to it reflect your preferences for how the code analysis runs.

## The Configuration File

The following is a sample of what a configuration file might look like:

```yaml
inspect:
  - app:
    name: helloshiftleft
    policy: io.shiftleft/helloshiftleft
    language: JAVA
  - app:
    name: helloshiftleft-js

>     inspect-next:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    insights:
```

      - hsl-js-secrets
    language: JAVASCRIPT
  - default:
    policy: io.shiftleft/default

> inspect-next:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
insights:
```

  hsl-js-secrets:
    entropy: 0.5
    name: secrets
```

> The config file is divided into two sections: `inspect` and `inspect-next`. Only the `inspect` parameter is required; you can provide `inspect-next` parameters when running your code analysis using features offered by the Inspect Next mode (e.g., identifying secrets in your code).

Reviewer 2: Sorry. I want to stay away from promoting the "inspect next" name.. it's already in the product config and I can't change it. Could we rephrase it some way? Maybe "when running advanced code analysis"? I don't like 'advanced'... maybe 'additional features'?

Reviewer 3: We can call it `secrets/hard-coded credentials` and rather than saying `hotspots`, we can call it `security-sensitive functions`. 
Hotspots might be trademarked by SonarQube

> The config file is divided into two sections: `inspect` and `inspect-next`. Only the `inspect` parameter is required; you can provide `inspect-next` parameters when running your code analysis using features designed to gain additional insight (e.g., identifying hard-coded credentials in your code).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The config file is divided into two sections: `inspect` and `insights`. Only the `inspect` parameter is required; you can provide `insights` parameters when running your code analysis using features designed to gain additional insight (e.g., identifying hard-coded credentials in your code).
```

In the example above, the `Inspect` portion of the file contains configuration information for two applications:  `helloshiftleft` and `helloshiftleft-js`. There is also a `default` section, which provides configuration information when analyzing applications that *aren't* explicitly named.

For the application named `helloshiftleft`, the configuration file states that its analysis should use the `io.shiftleft/helloshiftleft` policy and that the application is written in Java.

> However, for the application `helloshiftleft-js`, the configuration file specifies that the analysis should be run with slightly different parameters. More specifically, the application is written in JavaScript and running the analysis should look to a custom `inspect-next` configuration with the **custom ID** of `hsl-js-secrets`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, for the application `helloshiftleft-js`, the configuration file specifies that the analysis should be run with slightly different parameters. More specifically, the application is written in JavaScript and running the analysis should look to a custom `insights` configuration with the **custom ID** of `hsl-js-secrets`.
```

The specifics of `hsl-js-secrets` are defined at the bottom of the config file; more specifically, the analysis should include looking for secrets and to use an entropy (or sensitivity) level of 0.5.

## Parameters

Different sections of the configuration file accept different parameters for defining how the code analysis should run.

### Inspect Parameters

The following is a list of parameters you can include in the `inspect` section of your configuration file.

| **Parameter** | **Description** |
| - | - |
| `name` | The unique name of the application. Required for the `app` parameter; disallowed for the `default` parameter |
| `policy` | Optional. The language of the application. Accepted values: `JAVA`, `CSHARP`, `JAVASCRIPT`, `GO` |
| `inspect-next` | Optional. The additional analyses to be run in Inspect. Accepted value: `secrets` or the **custom ID** (as defined in the `inspect-next` section of the config file) |

> ### Inspect-Next Parameters

Reviewer 2: Not sure how to handle it here... maybe say "additional parameters" or "advanced parameters" or something?

> | `inspect-next` | Optional. The additional analyses to be run in Inspect. Accepted value: `secrets` or the **custom ID** (as defined in the `inspect-next` section of the config file) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `insights` | Optional. The additional analyses to be run in Inspect. Accepted value: `secrets` or the **custom ID** (as defined in the `insights` section of the config file) |
```

> The following is a list of parameters you can include in your `inspect-next` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is a list of parameters you can include in your `insights` section.
```

| **Parameter** | **Description** |
| - | - |
| `secrets` | The default configuration for analyzing for `secrets` |
| `custom-id` | A default configuration with some name, eg., `jsl-js-secrets`, for one of the above analysis modes. Requires a sub-parameter `name` with accepted value `secrets` |

#### Secrets Parameters

> The following is a list of parameters you can include in the `secrets` portion under `inspect-next`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is a list of parameters you can include in the `secrets` portion under `insights`.
```

| **Parameter** | **Description** |
| - | - |
| `entropy` | Optional. Entropy level to be used during the hard-coded credentials analysis. Accepted value is between 0 and 1 (inclusive). Default: `0.5` |
| `obfuscate` | Optional. A Boolean parameter indicating whether the literals returned in the results should be obfuscated. Default: `false` |

> | `name` | The name of the Inspect Next analysis and the value to be provided in place of **custom_id**. If you're including the configuration for hard-coded credentials, this parameter must be `secrets` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `name` | The name of the Insights analysis and the value to be provided in place of **custom_id**. If you're including the configuration for hard-coded credentials, this parameter must be `secrets` |
```
